I'm only going
as far as the 62.
What's taking you up north?
A girl.
(POP MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
Do you want to listen
to something else?
NEWSCASTER: Finally, police
are warning road users to be
on their guard tonight,
after the discovery
of a third roadside body
in the area within a week.
Police are appealing
for witnesses who may have
seen anything suspicious...
(SWITCHES OFF)
You know I'd better stop
and call the missus...
Tell her what
I want for supper.
You're dead.
-Shepherd's pie tonight...
-Did you hear me?
-What's that, mate?
-I said, "You're dead."
You might not know it yet,
but you are.
One week ago,
there was a crash.
The other guy drove away.
You weren't so lucky.
-Get out.
-I know you're angry.
Get out!
I know you want to take it out
on someone anyway...
All I want is to get home
to my wife, okay.
She wasn't so lucky,
either, mate.
Was it just three you killed,
or are there more the cops
haven't found yet?
-Remember.
-(SCREAMS)
Look! Look at it.
Look at it.
Your wife's waiting for you.
She's just not at home.
(MOBILE PHONE BEEPING)
Shit.
KATE:
Grade-two listed exterior.
Highest-spec refurb inside.
And an incredible setting.
Well, we're actually
only down to the last few.
Right.
Okay. Um, well, if you change
your mind, my name's Kate.
Feel free to call me back.
Thank you.
(SIGHS)
You thought I'd forgotten.
(SCOFFS) I didn't doubt
you for a second, Dad.
It's beautiful.
Where did you get it?
Here. The builders
found it in the walls.
So, basically, it was free?
Well, if you rented
more apartments, I could
spend more money on you.
(SIGHS) I just think
people are struggling
to get past the idea
of living in an old asylum.
It's what it is now
that matters.
I thought you were
going out tonight.
Yes. I was.
Well, happy birthday, love.
Don't forget to lock up
on the way out.
Night, Dad.
(MOBILE PHONE BEEPING)
(SIGHS) Bloody builders!
(GASPS)
Hello?
-Kate!
-(GASPS) Gosh.
Ryan, you scared
the life out of me!
-I've been looking for you.
-Sorry. I couldn't get away.
You left me alone with
Molly and Zoe all night.
There's only
so many conversations
about horoscopes I can have.
-Zoe's there?
-Knew you'd be thrilled.
You'd better have
got me a good gift.
-Zoe drank it.
-Oh, she's dead!
-At last!
-Hi.
Does that mean we can actually
go into town finally?
Oh, lovely to see you too,
Zoe. Love the bow.
Oh, thanks. I'll let the guys
know we're on our way.
-Oh, thank you.
-That is lovely.
My dad got it for my birthday.
Well, got it free
off the builders.
-Ah, at least he remembered.
-'Cause you reminded him.
Ryan!
-(SIGHS)
-MOLLY: Don't slope off.
RYAN: I don't do clubbing.
MOLLY: It's your birthday.
Tell him he has to come out.
Why are you so bothered?
Ah, like I can't guess.
(SHUSHES)
Take the glasses off.
He'll be at least a seven.
He could be an eight
or a nine. You'd still have
absolutely no chance.
Am I not an eight?
I'm just saying, I don't
think he's that into girls.
Well, I'm glad you've got
it all worked out for him.
Well, if you're that bothered,
make a move.
-No, I can't.
-"Can't." Why?
Because he's my flatmate.
If he knocks me back,
I'm gonna be too mortified
to ever leave my room.
(SCOFFS)
If you do nothing,
you get nothing.
Zoe's waiting. She's got
friends that we're meeting.
Zoe's got friends? (CHUCKLES)
You go and meet her.
I'll get changed and try
and twist Ryan's arm.
(MOBILE PHONE BEEPING)
(SCREAMING)
-(GASPING)
-(PANTING)
-Glasses off.
-What for?
'Cause I'm your landlady.
It's in your contract.
Small print. You wouldn't
be able to read it.
Okay now?
-Kate...
-They don't suit you.
(GIGGLES) Come on.
Come, see.
Kate.
Kate...
See? You should
wear your contacts.
But what's wrong
with my glasses?
What's this all about?
Since when have you...
I know you've thought
about it. Might as well
get it out of the way.
What?
Am I not your type?
It is my birthday.
I'm not going though
that graveyard. It gives me
the creeps.
-I blame the Thriller video.
-(CHUCKLES)
Yeah, but I mean,
what sort of hospital
has its own graveyard?
The sort that doesn't
want people asking
too many questions
about how its patients died,
I guess.
ZOE: Yeah.
Bad things happened here.
(CHUCKLES)
MOLLY:
That doesn't just go away.
You know that feeling
like you're being watched?
I get that all the time here.
(KATE AND RYAN
BREATHING HEAVILY)
MOLLY: Oh, my God!
ZOE: What?
-Wait here!
-Molly?
Kate, is this...
Are you messing with me?
(MOANS)
Kate! Kate!
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
-Jed!
-Get off, man!
-Hey!
-Leave him alone!
What the hell
are you doing here?
I...
-I thought
you were in trouble.
-What?
Who the hell is this, Kate?
-I'm her cousin.
-You're not my cousin.
We're not even related.
Jesus!
(WATER DRIPPING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
(OPENS FAUCET)
-How long is he
staying here for?
-I don't know, do I?
-What's the matter with you?
-Nothing.
Morning, guys.
(SIGHS) Some birthday, huh?
For a moment, I thought
this was gonna be awkward.
What's up with the windows?
I thought you turned
the heat on.
Radiator's scorching.
I haven't touched them.
Don't look at me.
-Jed?
-Nope.
I can take a look if you want.
I've done a bit of plumbing.
Would you mind? I mean,
contract plumbers are
an absolute nightmare, so...
And I could buy you breakfast
at the caff and you could
start after that.
-Sounds good.
-Thanks.
Molly...
I've got something for you.
-I can't accept that.
-No, take it.
It's just so you.
I know you liked it.
Right. Got to go.
Kate...
Kate, about last night...
I'm sorry, Ryan.
Right.
I mean, you don't
really want me, do you?
I shouldn't have done it.
You deserve so much better.
Fine.
Whatever.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
-So, how long
have you been out?
-Yesterday.
You didn't escape or anything?
-Well, it's not prison.
-My God. You escaped.
Are you still on medication?
Are you taking
your medication?
I was discharged
from hospital, okay? I'm well.
Okay. So...
Does that mean you don't
see them any more?
I said I'm well.
-Hey.
-Hi.
You know I asked
you to look at my laptop?
-Yeah.
-It's fine now. Fixed itself.
Computers don't
fix themselves. I did it.
You're a star.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm cool.
You know, if he thinks
he's gonna stay here, we've
got to put up a united front.
I don't know. It might be kind
of nice having him around.
Oh, God!
Anyway, I can promise
you that Jed staying
is never gonna happen.
-How did you work
that one out?
-Because...
I mean, it's obvious he's got
issues, mental problems,
whatever you want to call it.
And believe me they're not
the sort of family who can
deal with stuff like that.
-So, they are cousins?
'Cause she said...
-Jed's adopted.
Kate reckons it's this
massive stroke of bad luck
that he landed on them.
-Why? What's wrong with him?
-He sees ghosts.
(SNIGGERS)
Bedlam Heights?
Who came up with that?
Uncle Warren?
Well, it sounded better than
The Bedlam Hospital For Idiots
And Imbeciles.
-And you think
I'm the sick one?
-It was our family's building.
Dad wanted it back
and he wanted it to be
something good.
I agree with him.
Even after it ended
the way it did?
-Don't you think
you'd better...
-No, I'm not going home, Kate.
-What's at home for me?
-What's here for you?
Look...
(SIGHS)
I know I've upset people
in the past, all right.
I know I've upset you, and...
Look...
Don't flatter yourself.
I can't be responsible
for you, Jed.
Well, I need somewhere
to stay, so...
-Jed...
-Just for a couple of days.
Look, it's not gonna happen,
okay?
Why?
What are you frightened of?
Look, uh...
I need to be here, okay?
Please.
Okay.
Just for a couple of nights.
And that's it.
(SIGHS)
Okay.
Come to see my building, Jed?
I assume it's the building.
Nothing else.
I don't think I got
your Get Well card,
Uncle Warren.
Must have got lost
in the post.
-Your mum's been on the phone.
-Yeah?
Wants you to put me
away again, does she?
She was talking me out of it.
Seems she doesn't think
it was doing you any good.
I'm sure she's right.
Like you've ever paid
attention to what Mum thinks.
Well, at the end of the day,
you're family.
-No, I don't want that.
-Take it.
You'll be gone
before we know it.
Any problems,
any funny voices
in your head...
You come to me.
-I'm better now, Uncle Warren.
-(CHUCKLES)
(WATER DRIPPING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
ON LAPTOP)
(MUSIC STOPS)
I thought this was fixed.
(WATER DRIPPING)
(LOUD BANG)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
-God!
-Sorry. Is this bothering you?
No, it's fine.
You keep banging away.
I mean... God, sorry.
-Uh, you know what I mean.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Where are all my postcards
from your travels, Mol?
Nobody sends
postcards any more.
Right.
-So, you're not working today?
-No.
-I'm between
jobs at the minute.
-Oh.
-Lucky you.
-Mmm.
So, what's the problem?
Probably a crap boiler
installed by a cowboy.
You know what a tight-fisted
cheapskate Warren is.
Yeah, must have slipped
my mind when I was signing
the contract.
(CHUCKLES) He must be charging
you an arm and a leg
for this place.
Well, Kate pretty much
covers it for me.
Right.
-So, are you planning on...
-Yeah, I'll be gone soon.
Don't worry.
Oh, no...
I don't mind you staying.
Whatever she says.
I could use someone else
to help me keep an eye on her.
Well, I don't think
Ryan's too keen on the idea,
to be honest.
He's having a hard time
at the moment.
It's coming up to a year
since his brother died.
What happened?
He drowned.
(WATER DRIPPING)
Whew!
(MAN SCREAMS)
(GASPING)
RYAN:
What happened to your neck?
I'm dating
the Boston Strangler.
Didn't I tell you?
(CHUCKLES)
I got my necklace
caught in the sink.
Nearly drowned.
You know, that kinda thing.
-Nice.
-Mmm.
Are you all right?
About your brother, I mean.
Yeah.
What are you gonna do
on the day?
Go to Mass with Mum.
Probably spend
the day together.
It's easier that way.
-That smells good.
-I hope so.
There's beer in the fridge,
Jed.
Sorry about last night.
To be honest,
I think you did me a favour.
-Turned up before I made
an even bigger dick of myself.
-(CHUCKLES)
Cheers. Yeah,
Kate's done some pretty
stupid stuff in her time.
So, what's it like living
in this place?
What do you mean?
-Well, you know Kate's
granddad ran the asylum?
-Yeah.
And that they shut them down.
-Abuse of patients.
-What, Kate's granddad?
Mmm. Reckoned it had
gone on for years.
-Did he go down for it?
-Nope.
He died before
they could get him to court.
Oh, my God. So, why the hell
would they come back?
Thank God, one of us can cook.
It's delicious.
-Thank you.
-I'll be after you
for seconds.
So, Mol, tell me.
How did the job interview go?
I turned up. That's about it.
You didn't say that bit about
you thinking of going
travelling, did you?
Just because you've
never been anywhere
that doesn't have a beach
next to the hotel complex.
Mol's been everywhere.
Vietnam. Hippie trail.
-Job centre.
-Ha-ha.
She can do
a mean henna tattoo.
Well, it's more than I got.
(SIGHS)
Not really going travelling,
are you, Mol?
You just like
putting it out there?
-You brought it up.
-It's just, you've fallen
on your feet here.
I mean, it's luxury.
Why would you want to leave?
Well, you never know
who you might bump into
at three in the morning.
We can't all live like nuns,
Mol.
I don't care what you do.
I don't.
I just would really like,
for once, not to have to
pick up the pieces afterwards.
Okay.
Right.
I'm gonna go for a drink.
Okay.
-Hi, Emma. Is Zoe in?
-Have you seen her?
No, I was just wondering if
she fancied going for a drink.
It's been one of those days.
What, has she not been
in touch, text or anything?
No. Have you not
heard from her?
No, not since
yesterday evening.
She said she was going
into town with someone.
Yeah, me. We were
waiting for my flatmate.
Right. And did she talk about
how the rent was due today?
-Do you think she's okay?
-You know what I think?
I think she's done a runner
before I could chuck her out.
-Okay. Well,
if I hear anything...
-Don't bother.
(WATER DRIPPING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
-Quick drink.
-Yeah. Strange.
MOLLY:
Zoe never got home last night.
Zoe's gone?
Oh, and there was me thinking
the night had ended badly.
It's like
she just disappeared.
She's only been away
for one night.
Away where?
I left her outside.
Said I'd only be a minute.
She's probably crashed out
on someone's floor.
She said she felt like
she was being watched.
The whole thing's
really weird. I don't like it.
She'll be fine, Mol.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Help!
(WHIRRING)
-(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-RYAN: Jed?
(SIGHS)
RYAN:
How long are you gonna be?
(SCREAMS)
(GASPING)
What's the matter?
Are you all right?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Yeah, I'm fine.
Has Kate said something?
-What's she said?
-Nothing.
Sorry.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(WATER DRIPPING)
Coffee?
-Ryan's brother...
What happened to him?
-What?
Where was he drowned?
In the canal?
-How did you know that?
-Was it an accident or what,
Molly?
Why are you getting
so hung up on this?
(CHUCKLES) I'm not, okay.
It's like when we were kids
and that old woman down
the road died.
You went on and on
about her husband putting
rat poison in her soup.
Well, he had.
He was just a nice old man
who'd lost his wife.
It was ant poison, actually,
'cause rat poison makes
your guts explode.
That was the other guy.
I don't scare
as easy as I used to.
So, if I said that there were
two ghosts in this flat,
and one of them
wants to do some serious harm
but I don't know why,
you wouldn't
take me seriously?
(SNIGGERS)
-You're so easy
to wind up, Molly!
-(SIGHS)
(WATER DRIPPING)
Hello. I have a reservation
under the name of McAllister.
I asked for a specific table.
-I was just passing.
-Were you following me?
-Who are you waiting for?
-No one.
No one?
It was the last time
I saw my brother.
A year ago, at this table.
The day he died.
-I'll leave you to it.
-Well, let's face it.
He's not sat there, is he?
So you might as well.
Do you want a beer?
(HUMMING)
Great at sport.
Went to uni with Kate.
Got a first.
Nightmare little brother.
We don't know why
he went down to the canal.
Probably a bit pissed.
Took the wrong way home.
They followed him.
I don't know why
they kicked his head in.
They said they didn't mean him
to drown, but they let him.
Acquitted of murder. GBH.
Eight years.
Probably out in four.
The Bereavement Counsellor's
asked me to write
a letter to him.
Leave it at the place
where he died.
I just bloody did it, as well.
I felt like a right idiot.
As if he's going to read it.
Do you see ghosts?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Did Kate tell you that?
Something like that.
Is it true?
-Kate talks a lot of crap.
-You can tell me.
I'm not like her.
-I'll listen to you.
-(CHUCKLES)
Another beer?
-(MUSIC PLAYING ON HEADPHONES)
-(HUMMING)
-And she was how old?
-Oh, I don't know. Nine.
She hasn't changed.
She said I could
stay here cheap,
-if I installed
broadband for her,
-Yeah.
and do me a favour
'cause she went to uni
with my brother.
-She didn't say
it would take three months!
-(JED CHUCKLES)
JED: Yeah, she's, um,
she's one-off.
-You too.
-Why?
-You see things.
-Ryan, look...
I saw how you were
in that bathroom.
It was like you were
having a fit or something.
-Could you speak to him?
-(MOBILE PHONE BEEPING)
My brother James.
Er... It doesn't
work like that.
Well, how does it work?
'Cause there's stuff
I never said.
Oh, no.
(BEEPING CONTINUES)
Jed?
(GASPS)
(SCREAMS)
(ALL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(GASPS)
Jed, what's the matter?
-It's got nothing to do
with your brother.
-What?
It's not to do
with your brother.
What about my brother?
(SCREAMS)
Kate!
(SHRIEKS)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You just want this, don't you?
We didn't take it from you.
No one's keeping you here.
You're free.
You can go now.
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
Kate, come on.
(COUGHING)
-It's all right.
-(SOBBING)
You're okay.
(PANTING)
(COUGHS)
You mustn't fall asleep
in the water.
JED: It's okay.
(DOOR OPENS)
Kate, what happened?
Oh, come here.
(SHUSHES)
It's okay. You're okay.
You were talking to someone.
But I couldn't see anyone.
She was a patient.
They ducked her underwater
to drive out evil spirits.
What was wrong with her?
Probably fancied someone
she shouldn't,
and her husband
got her put away.
What did you mean about...
You said...
I don't just see ghosts, Ryan.
I see how they died.
How did you know
I was in trouble?
Jed...
Stay.
I know you don't want to go.
I just wanted to make sure
you were okay.
And I guess you are.
Am I?
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(SIGHS)